Hello gang, this show is not brought to you by Bud Light.
What's good?
From somewhere near downtown, Los Angeles, the city of angels in MacArthur Park, where
I can indicate for some reason it's melting in the dark, Carmen Town is now in session.
Spencer, motherfucking Corridandon, and the mayor of Carmen Town, the one and only Dan
Carmel.
You heard that, the song hiccups a little bit, you gotta support me if you want to comport
me.
Well, off to a bad start, I don't want to be here either, thank you for coming.
I'm just kidding, I do want to be here, thank you for coming.
You want to be here.
How many shows left are there?
What's the time clock at?
Six or something, I don't know.
What would you say, Spencer?
You're good at calendar math.
I would say two plus four plus, I would say 15?
That can't be right.
Wow, that's a lot of shows.
That's a lot of shows.
That's terrible.
That's like, what are we, figure skaters?
But also, we should have ended the show like a year ago, look at these fucking crowds
we're getting.
I mean, there was like a good year or two, we're just knowing.
We should have ended the show a long time ago.
Yeah, we would have got our asses in seats.
Yeah.
Well, a lot of people are making pilgrimages, I mean, I just, I myself, I moved away from
Los Feliz, so I'm not at the drawing room as much, I walked over there to meet, didn't
walk over there, I, Dan, the details don't matter.
I went into the drawing rooms to catch an Uber with Jeff to the show and there were
several people, shout out to my miscreants from San Diego.
Yeah.
I got, I got, I got, we got Little Bear and Gage out there, we got, who else?
I got patched into a Burning Man group.
I've never been to Burning Man, but if I go, I have a patch that I can iron onto the back
of my jacket.
I should probably stitch it on.
Little Bear and Gage, you out there?
Yeah.
All right.
Jen from Cincinnati was also at the bar.
She was there.
Jen, you with us?
Okay.
She's like a little quiet Dave Kline.
Yep.
And I also know, Jeff, you know, you're a big fan of my Instagram workout.
I am.
I trolled you all day today.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Is MLE 805 here?
Whoop.
Yeah.
There's a lot of mini-upers out there.
A lot of people coming out.
Do you think our crowds are big now because this is the Dying Embers?
This is the last two rounds?
Yeah.
Why would you go to something that was never ending?
Are you going to miss it when it's gone, Dan?
I'm sure.
Yeah.
I'll miss it.
But you'll be happy when it's over?
Yeah.
That's like the Sklar Brothers have a joke that when something is bad, your voice goes
up when you're talking about it.
You're like, oh, was that good?
You're like, oh, yeah, it was great, but if it was actually good, you're like, that was
great.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was walking down the road in a Washington, D.C. and I hear Jeff Davis and there's Randy
Sklar across the street from there.
Don't twin high road us.
You just say there was a Sklar.
No, but no, but here's the thing.
I had just five minutes before that was walking out of the elevator and I thought I saw a Sklar.
And I was like, that guy looks a lot like a Sklar.
I'm not sure which Sklar, but also I don't want a Sklar profile.
You need to become a Sklar Sklar.
That guy could just be any guy that looks a little bit like a Sklar.
And then I heard Jeff Davis, it was Randy.
And I don't know why Randy is the one I know right off the bat.
But the one that I saw by the elevator was Jason and they had a show a block away from
the hotel and they fucking killed it.
They absolutely slaughtered.
Okay, but to be clear, so you didn't know, you said you saw, I taught, I saw a Sklar
at the elevator.
I thought I saw.
And the Randy story is they went, he went, Jeff and you went Sklar and he was like, Randy
and you left that out because you wanted people to think.
Can I be totally honest with you?
No.
Can I be it?
I don't know, can you?
Yes.
Let me be quite honest about this.
I thought there was a Sklar sighting, but it was in my really peripheral vision and that
just passed.
And then I was on the road and someone yelled my name out and it wasn't a real deal Sklar.
And I wasn't totally sure which one it was.
You just rolled the fucking dice.
And I walked up and I go, hey, what's up?
I said, I thought I saw Sklar walk up and he goes, yeah, you saw Jason, Randy let me
hang off the hook, that's all, that's all you had to, yeah, okay.
But now I think after hanging out with them individually that night, I think you bring
any Sklar in here right now.
I'll fucking tell you which one it is.
I still can't tell the difference between the two guys that created HBO's animals.
They worked in an office with me for years.
They're not related.
They just both had beards and I was like, guys, I'm sorry.
Only one of them wore glasses, but now it's a fucking, who knows?
That's the thing.
That's the only trick.
But now they both wear glasses.
They both wear glasses.
And I think Randy is the one that is more likely to wear a plaid.
I think that's right.
I think Jason likes his solids.
I could tell.
I could have Jason's a winter.
I could imagine if I were a twin and the other one started wearing glasses, I would
after a while, I'd take them to dinner and be like, how's your wife, how are your kids
that are, are they identical to each other or me?
Anyways, enough about that.
What's with the glasses?
Are you trying to be the smart twin?
Is it okay if I wear, I would nip that in the bud.
Right.
Like I wouldn't mind any other gimmick, but if my twins started wearing glasses, I'd
be like, I'm allowed to wear glasses too.
Don't do that.
Like I'm not going to be the fucking Simon of these chipmunks or wait, no, I'm sorry.
You are going to be.
I'm not going to let, I'm not going to be the fucking Alvin.
I fucked it up.
What if one just started wearing a monocle, but then if I know the scolaras and I think
I kind of do now, they'll just fucking trade monocles and then you're fucked.
Well, that would be cool.
Like if you had a twin, I would, I would do like a Zorax and Xenon or whatever those
guys were.
Like one had a scar on one side of his face and the other had, let's do that.
But then I got to remember which side the scar is on.
No, no one does, but you would, you, you would, if someone had a scar on a different side
of their face, you would be like, Oh, that's Randy for sure.
Right.
Like you, it would just, yeah, it would work.
I would think them unidentical.
I'm not going to enumerate what I think are the differences between them, but I think
I could, I can totally nail who is which right now.
Jason used to be the one with glasses and now they both got glasses.
Because Randy was like, what are you trying to pull?
I'm not the meat heads, Clara.
That's not.
And then later it's like, I've had it up to here with these glasses.
All right.
Sclars, sclars, whatever.
You're off the hook.
You can go see them anytime you want.
They're never going to quit.
They're going to be here forever.
You're going to get sick of them.
They're going to ring your doorbell.
Me, I'm Salinger.
You're going to hunt me down.
Pay attention to me.
What I'm talking about.
You're talking about the Sclars.
All right.
Shut up.
When Harmontown is dead and dusted and all gone away, are you going to ever wish that
you had this platform, this microphone, this audience again?
Are you going to be quite happy that it's...
This doesn't seem that difficult to reattain.
Do you think I'm being naive about that?
Because if anyone thinks I'm being naive about that, because I know that it would be naive
if I was like, well, I could just do it again.
Okay.
So you're saying that if you ever wanted to do it, you would do it in some other format
or...
Or the same format.
It's just the cables that you plugged in, you plug them in again.
Check, check.
Hey, hello.
Well, we'll do, but do.
It's not that hard.
I never stapled a flyer to a telephone pole.
Like, you make a couple TV shows, people will show up.
Not as many as when you say you're not going to do it anymore.
Let's just ride this wave, finish up, we'll take six weeks.
Classic Coke, baby.
Motherfucker.
Always, always thinking.
I like to imagine that the audience, when they were laughing, they were laughing at
your audacity.
Like, they're like, we're not going to fucking be here.
You fucking kidding me?
We're fucking out.
I mean, I'm sure they aren't, but it's fun to imagine.
I hope everybody listening calls that bluff, but nobody ever shows up again.
I almost distracted because I'm like, when we have a guest who I'm like, well, this
is a guest in a stricter sense, like, probably not a fan of the show.
They're just like a person that it would be a delight to talk to, and this is their first
time being here.
They don't know anything about the show, and then I listened to this first eight minutes
of the show through their ears in the green room, and I'm like, why couldn't I be out
there for this?
Why is this?
Why is it important that I be sequestered and then brought out?
The answer is, I don't know.
What is it that separates the guest part of the show from the non-guest part?
I like to think it eats up more time this way.
Yeah, it's probably just, maybe I'm warming you guys up.
I'm the world's worst MC.
They're back there going, thank God.
I don't want to go out there cold.
Like, old school, like, Carson, or, like, Leno, like, monologue bits, like, like, what's
in the news?
Okay, well, let me, okay, well, I gotta go, we're breaking news.
Turkey and Syria are in the news today.
What's going on?
Well, hold on, hold on.
There's gotta be something funny there.
That's a good idea.
Jeff's got a good idea there.
Okay, well, there's no internet here.
Okay, so what do you want?
I've got musical lead in.
Oh.
I mean, just freestyle some good old-fashioned topical humor.
Like, you know, Jack, Benny, Johnny Carson, Jay Leno.
Like, okay, well, maybe it's like a, can it just be placeholder, like, we're in a parallel
dimension.
Sure.
We don't know.
Okay, so, you just want the cadence of, like, an opening monologue.
It's tonight.
Right.
You know, and, like, Joan Embry from the San Diego Zoo.
And here he is, Dan Harmon.
Right.
Whoa.
Picture a red, a red curtain opening.
Dan leans over and waves to the band.
Here we go.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
I know you were paid to react that way.
What's going on?
You're already there.
Wow.
Ukraine madness.
I'm more familiar with the Ukraine now than I am my hometown, Jeff.
Uh, and what's your hometown again?
Ukraine.
I wish I knew.
Okay.
So you could throw that to a room, if there's a town in Ukraine, then it would be funny.
Yeah.
We could play a little hometown, and then you go and I go, Zalinksk, you know, and it's
like, chuckle.
I'm saying, if you just said, you forgot your hometown, you said it was the Ukraine.
Boom.
Laugh.
Right.
Next joke.
So I fucked up.
I fucked up.
No, no, no, no.
No, no.
You're nailing it so far.
So next joke.
Okay.
So just like, let's take it back.
I remember a real joke that Carson did that I never understood.
Okay.
And I want to do it.
I remember I was obsessed with Carson because I have dim memories of right before Letterman
like started and it was just like, I was obsessed with Carson, then I immediately became obsessed
with Letterman.
But like, it was like, I remember watching Carson and I was just a kid, it was just obsessed
with the idea of, of like making people happy and like performing and things, but I didn't
understand any of the jokes.
And I, but I would then later I would understand the jokes, I'd go, well, I understand that
like Shelly Winters is famous for being fat, I can figure this out.
We didn't have the internet, but there was like an encyclopedia, you could look up Shelly
Winters and say fat.
She didn't deserve it.
It was a terrible time.
Like there was no shame and that included everybody.
Academy award-winning actress.
Yeah.
It was like, if you were a man that dressed like a woman, people would be like, oh, that's
hilarious.
And it was like problematic.
So we figured that out later over time.
It took an internet.
There was this show Mash and there was, there was a character on it.
He dressed like a lady and it was like funny at everybody all the time.
Now he'd be brave and you would be an asshole.
All right.
So anyways, the, this is the joke that he did.
He was like, like, he was in his model, like I said, boy, you know, it's a, it's a, it's
been, there's been so much smog in Burbank, but it's cleared up, Ed, it's all, it's all
cleared up.
There was so much, so much, so much smog in, in, in, in Burbank, but then it cleared up.
Today, a, a, reportedly a, there was a robin that saw it was eating a worm and spit it
out.
I was like, I don't understand, are you saying it's been so smoggy?
Is your joke how smoggy it is or is your joke how smoggy it's been?
It's been so smoggy that all birds in Burbank, like, have never known they've been eating
worms, which they do all over the world.
Or is that worms are notorious for eating smog?
Are you sure that's the joke?
Well, that's all right.
I'm not sure are you, that is the actual joke.
I can't be 100% sure.
Let's bring our guest out.
He's going to clarify everything.
He's German.
He's a YouTuber.
Uh, I wonder if YouTuber is like a point of offense for, for people at all.
Let's talk to him about that and more.
Please welcome someone who I was shocked to see how tall he was because it's just YouTube
and stuff.
And then you just see a head and then you're like, whoa, that head's far off the floor.
Please welcome the illustrious, the talented, the intriguing, Mr. Flula Borg.
Flula, pick a seat.
You can sit anywhere you want.
That's best for camera.
Interesting.
He chose the middle seat.
What does it say about that means?
Yeah, I need Spencer.
Oh boy.
No one ever chooses that cool.
Were you talking about Tomax and Samot?
Yes, Tom, they might.
Yes.
The scar twice.
Scarp brothers.
Were you a GI Joe guy?
Yes.
Was that how you grew up in Germany?
I did grow up in Germany.
Oh, sorry.
Improv.
Yes, and?
Yes, I left.
And are you next Poland?
No, no, no.
Yes, and?
No, yes, and for German.
No, no, no.
Listen.
Yes.
Never.
We tried it twice.
Sometimes not to try.
Yes.
So they didn't land.
Yes, and?
That's a World War II joke.
No, no.
You grew up in Germany.
Sorry again for everything.
But were you like Hasbro age in Germany?
I don't know when you left Germany.
I thought it.
I thought that was like an insult.
Like, was I a has been before I ended here?
So it's like second career.
Let's try it.
YouTube.
Subscribe.
Hasbro.
The manufacturers of GI Joe.
Yes.
Hasbro.
I played with the GI Joe's, the GI Joe's, and also mask.
Do you guys remember?
Mask.
I was in the mask.
Oh, I'm a 57 Chevy socket.
I'm a tank.
Yeah.
What was the theme song of the mask?
I used to know it.
Mask.
It's the song.
Almost GI Joe.
Mask.
No, we're sorry.
We wish we were GI Joe.
It was basically like GI Joe, but not military.
Yes.
Take out those fucking drums.
No, add a laser.
Yeah.
Maybe Democrats have kids too.
Let's fucking like these guys are financed by a philanthropist.
Oh, I had the dude, the do cockroach tank.
Did you have that?
It was wonderful.
That is some fast fucking connection shit,
not to ruin your joke by analyzing it,
but that was some lightning fast ethernet
fucking joke crafting.
Not a joke, I actually had the Dukakis tank.
You just heard Democrat fucking thing
and you were like, Dukakis tank, fucking.
I'm sorry, I followed the 1988 presidential election closely.
Who is Dukakis' running mate?
Oh yeah, Monroe, Earl Monroe, Earl the Pearl.
Wait, was it?
Lloyd Benson, Lloyd Benson, fine.
Was it, wait, wait, who was it?
Geraldine Ferrara.
Yeah, okay, yes, Geraldine Ferrara.
I just wanted to know if he knew more about
our politics than we did.
Finger roll like a sucker.
But I didn't have to get hung up on my question,
but I just want to know, were you like 10 years old
in Germany, but into G.I. Joe?
Everything is very torty in Germany.
We've just received lethal weapon four.
So it takes a long, long time.
Is there a funny title in German?
I like when movie titles are different in other languages.
Yes.
Would you like an example?
Yes, I would.
Great.
It's so diligent.
Yes, I fucking would.
My most favorite of the films is Die Horde,
starring Hans Gruber and Who Gives a Shit.
Right.
Who Gives a Shit.
Does Gruber mean something in German?
Yeah, legend.
Jesus.
Yeah.
It's just, it's when you get an SUV at Uber,
it's like when you're traveling with friends.
All right.
Oh, to answer your question,
Die Horde in German, Die Horde,
which would mean like die with difficulty,
which who cares?
Right.
So we have changed it to Stirb Langsam,
which means die slowly.
Oh!
Is that true?
Yeah, I have the movie poster.
I took a photo of it.
Die slowly!
Would you like to see it?
I have the movie poster in my living room.
What?
He just went to an Aztec fan-y bag.
I just happened to take a photo.
And produced a cultural recreation or whatever you call it.
Yeah, I mean die slowly.
Die slowly.
I'm assuming I...
Die slowly, Stirb Langsam.
That is really funny.
This was not planned.
I just take a photo of it every morning as I wake up.
Ssh.
Stirb Langsam.
Langsam.
Die slowly!
Die slowly.
My skyscraper.
Wait, is that a command or is that something like,
what if you just died less fast?
When spoken in German, it's always a command.
Yeah.
Yeah, we don't have requests.
Right.
There's no eye and team.
There's no requests in German.
Germany learned the hard way
that if you ask permission, you just end up...
Twice.
Sorry again.
What was...
Oh, would you like another one?
Give me three million of them.
Okay, great. Here's number one.
Okay.
Gorillas.
Oh, do you have no, the gorillas in the mist
with the lady and the monkeys?
Diane Farsi, I think it was right.
Yeah, Diane Farsi.
It was Sigourney Weaver, is it?
Yes, yes, that one.
So if you say gorillas in the mist in German,
it literally means gorillas in the manure.
Because mist means manure?
Yes, excellent.
So we have changed it.
Excellent.
We have changed it.
Diane, you're now German.
Rosetta Stein, I like it.
Gorillas in Nebel, we changed it,
which means gorillas in the fog,
which sounds like a weather forecast.
Right.
Gorillas in the fog.
I think I may have mentioned this in the show before.
I was in Italy and Hutzucker Proxy was out in theaters,
and it was called Mr. Hula Hoop.
Yeah.
Spoiler!
Holy shit.
We just need direct reasons.
Why should we watch this?
Hula Hoops.
In China, I think Leafa Leppin was called
Heavenly Sounding Cannon or something great.
That's a better movie.
Much better.
Yeah.
Heavenly Sounding Cannon 2.
I'm into it.
Two cannons.
How old were you when you left Germany?
I left as an adult who could vote
and have beverages for adults,
which I guess is 12 in Germany.
So I left after this.
Yes.
So your family moved?
You weren't like a runaway?
I was not a runaway.
No solo asylum for this one.
Yeah, no.
I did just come to try to become a hype man
for hip-hop concerts.
So that's why I moved here.
And then I won a contest for hype men,
and then I stayed.
What is the ingredient for being a great hype man?
No understanding of anything.
Just you need to not know anything.
Yes, Andy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like that's perfect.
Is this flavor-flav, the Thomas Edison of hype men?
Yes, he's the Thomas Edison.
Yeah, yeah, he's the Thomas Edison.
Do you have to throw in a yeah boy?
You can go yeah boy, you can go yeah girl.
You sometimes just be like, yeah.
I hate to put you on the spot, Lula, but can you hype me?
If I, like, like, wait.
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
Because it shouldn't matter, right, who I am or what I'm doing.
It should not matter.
I think in German they call it ja und.
Ja und, ja und.
Was her sand.
Well, can you give us a beat, and then
Flula will hype man me, and then.
Oh, there are beats in this place?
You have beats?
Yeah.
Yeah, we do.
Oh, yeah, baby, baby.
How are you doing tonight, Mr. Teibreiter?
Mrs. Teibreiter?
Yeah, get ready for a wonderful adventure.
Not in a city, not in a village.
No assholes in the town.
When I say dead, you say home, dead, dead.
When I say mud, you say town, mud, mud, dead home.
Yo.
It's a lot of calling, and then also saying it.
It's very simple.
Sleepy time, taking a nap, doing everything I can in my lab.
When I finish, I go to sleep.
Sleepy town.
Yo.
I was just trying to challenge you.
Yeah, I was like doing your height.
Well, no, I was saying, like, the hype man equivalent
of doing sit-ups with someone sitting on your chest
would be the sleepiest rapper.
And then you're the hype man for a sad, sleepy.
Like, I'm not doing you any favors.
Oh, I love it, though.
Like, I can imagine Flavor Flav would be like Chuck
after the show.
He'd be like, yo, Chuck, you think you can meet me halfway?
This is why I love this.
I don't care.
If you go halfway, I get very excited to go 150%.
All right, well, I'm going to commit to sale.
OK, all right, here we go.
Space is fun to go to.
I'm rapping like a go-to rapper.
Can't breathe some space.
Going to go to space, go to a planet.
I haven't even had it so good in a year.
I fucked your mama from ear to ear.
Matthew McConaughey into Stella, feeling so good
from the floor to the cellar.
Damn!
Flowing to the cellar, go in underground, go for a wine.
Look at what I found.
Got a quartet.
Natalie Portman wasn't roaming.
Oh my god, sleepy like Melatonin.
Dan Harmon.
Yeah, yeah.
Dippy, dippy, dippy, dippy, dippy.
Dan Harmonie, Dan Harmonie, Dan Harmonie, Dan what?
Taking a nap, going out.
Taking no crap.
Eight hours of sleep, eight, eight hours of sleep.
Bram-cycle, eight hours of sleep.
That's what they say you need, motherfucker.
Bram-cycle, fuckers.
Incredible hypemanship.
Yes, thank you.
Unmistakably, like completely autonomous of the,
it's like you are radiating hype.
Oops, that's not a note, that's your five star review.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, I guess what I'm learning is that the hype man doesn't have to be just a sidekick.
The hype man can be his own like soloist.
Yes, it's like if you've spilled some Gatorade on the floor, where does it go?
It's any place, who knows.
Right?
Were you a Sugar Cubes fan?
Who?
Like before Bjork broke out.
Is it like ingesting for like?
No, no.
Sugar Cubes, Bjork's old band, when Bjork, it was Bjork and then there was just this
guy who was kind of her hype man.
No.
Okay.
I've heard of Sugar Cubes as what you would dump in a coffee to get at hype.
Right.
Cubes with a K or with a C then?
Sugar Cubes just spelled like with a C, yeah.
Oh, okay.
That was Bjork.
You know who Bjork is?
Yes, yes, yes.
Iceland.
Strange.
Flamingos.
Meat.
Yeah.
She, before she was solo, she was in a band called the Sugar Cubes.
Oh, this was her wham.
Yes.
Got it.
It's like talking to Mork, you're like Mork.
Mork, Mork and Bjork.
Perfect.
Flula, you've got, my boss's family is coming for dinner tonight, you have to learn how
to behave.
Zinks or inks.
What is it, you do a show here at the Hayworth Dynasty typewriter show.
Nice branding shout out in case people did not know.
Yeah, you can, if you walked here and bought your tickets, you could do it again for Flula,
but you probably already knew he was here, right?
Oh, didn't he did?
What's that?
You did?
No, I'm saying to them.
Oh yeah.
I was just in case they don't know.
Okay.
And what's that show like?
Up and Up.
I just, I'm like a man that sits where you are sitting and I have a looping pedal and
I just make some tasty tunes and say words on occasion.
How does a looping pedal work?
Nobody knows.
I don't have a dumb question, but like, it's like, so like you could go like biscuits,
biscuits and then you hit the pedal and the pedal makes it just keep going, biscuits, biscuits,
biscuits, biscuits.
And the pedal makes it peak on the pedal.
So you forgot to hit the pedal first.
Okay.
So you would go, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits,
gravy, biscuits, gravy, biscuits.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Tasty.
Nasty chef.
Yeah.
So deep.
Change of socks.
Maybe chicken pox.
Steve Levy and the vodka solo.
Is that what summons the vodka?
We accidentally, biscuits, biscuits, biscuits.
What summons the tacos?
Okay.
I thought we had a good jam going there with the biscuits.
That was nice.
You're working with Conan.
The show is produced by him.
I'm long-summed to see you.
Yeah, he's disgusted.
No, I, it's, it disgusted with myself because I'm like, I don't, I don't know enough about
you.
You're a delightful person and I'm like, I'm a fucking, like I, I'm a bad host and
a bad person.
So that's the look on my face.
Oh, love it.
Squinting.
I'm very familiar.
As a German, we have all of these feelings every day.
Okay.
Yeah, the German language would just stack a bunch of words.
There would be a, that's what's attracted me about German.
The fact that you could stack a bunch of words together and make a new word.
Isn't there a German word?
Scheisse.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
We are 12 cop pile up.
It's probably called Word and Stacking.
That's how it works.
Yeah.
Actually how did you?
Verdenstachen.
You say it like this.
It's true.
Yeah.
I love, my favorite is full common height.
Full common height?
Yeah.
What does it mean?
Perfection.
Okay.
Right?
Am I right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
My favorite is Scheißfreundlich at the moment.
Shit isn't there for sure.
Yes, it is.
Okay.
Ding, ding.
Walk us through slowly.
Say it word by word.
Scheißfreundlich.
And so you've gotten the first one, Dudys.
Shit-friendly.
Oh nice.
Scheißfreundlich occurs many times.
I was recently in Atlanta, and so if someone is there like, hey, how would you like some
turkey?
Do you like it?
You know, it's like, but you know, soon when they turn around, they are very miserable
with their life.
So poop-friendly is not a real friendly.
It is a doodle-friendly.
Oh, I was right.
My friendly?
Yeah.
What?
Scheißfreundlich.
So someone has like a face that is happy, but deep inside there.
Just they do not like you so much.
Scheißfreundlich.
Does it have to-
Scheißfreundlich?
Scheißfreundlich.
Is it based on you, or could it just be that they're, because you said they're like miserable,
is it about their feelings toward you?
No, it's like in physics, the vector, the direction doesn't matter.
It's just all over the place.
It's not a ray, it's just a...
It's the fact that they're comfortable wearing a mask.
Yes.
So you know that Dan Harmon is a very well-known Hozenpizler?
Oh.
You are Hozenpizler?
Yeah.
I think I pee in my pants.
Hozenpizler.
My socks.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, that's very good.
Would you like one more?
Yes, please.
A Treppenwitz.
Treppenwitz.
A Treppe is a stairs.
Or for you guys, this care stays.
Stays, what, you know, the stepy, stepy, stepy, what's this called?
A case of stairs.
A staircase.
Thank you, Spencer.
Treppenwitz.
And a witz is a joke.
Okay?
And so it is like if you and I are having some reportees, reportees or whatever, you're
like, oh, say something rude to me.
Oh, fuck you.
And I would be like, and then as I leave, I think of a good response, but I am already
in the staircase.
It is too late.
Right.
That's the...
I think in French it's l'esprit de scallier.
Yep.
Oh, yeah.
The spirit of the staircase.
I guess you guys are next to that.
We did.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
We said we wouldn't and then we did.
Well, they built the arch.
Who did they expect to merge through it?
I think that was born on the Alsace-le-Ran, which is, you know, a disputed region between
French and German.
Well, it was Germany for six years.
It's still grudges.
No grudges.
I love it over there.
What do you call it in German again?
Treppenwitz.
Treppenwitz, yes.
So because the treppen is the stairs?
Yes.
And the witz is a joke.
It's a response.
I do love the idea that in both phrases, it's like the thing that stayed was the stairs.
The stairs for me.
And I think there's an English equivalent, like it just stairway wit or something we
call it.
It's not a household phrase, but it's people that borrowed it from the French.
But I like the thing that stays is the staircase, because that implies that you were definitely
a guest.
And definitely on the second floor or higher.
And it also, yeah, well, that's what's interesting to me, is like, why is that important?
There must be some reason.
Is it like a Downton Abbey thing, or it's like, well, you were upstairs?
It's like, are you talking to me, like looking in the mirror, like, I'm a hero talking to
nobody right now.
It's the idea that you've got the comebacks.
But why not the l'esprit de sidewalk?
Why not parking lot?
Why not hallway?
And the answer must be very specific, like in our psyche, because it's like to be going
downstairs after you, I think it evokes penthouses, I think it evokes like modern metropolitan.
To live in the ground floor in France would be like lower status, to live a little higher
up would be a little like.
You mean you're in the city and you're like, it's not like wit of the of the pasture.
Yeah, like, like, oh, Farmer Brown like made a comment about my milking.
I came up with something by the scarecrow.
The stakes aren't that high.
It's like the staircase evokes this you're on your way down and out of the building from
a meeting.
Yeah.
Or from you or yeah, or from like a like a lover's nest, you know, like, like you're
you're leaving something important and you on the stairway, like, damn it, I knew the
exact word.
Do you know Hans Stumpf, Hans Stumpf, like, is that a friend of yours?
Hans Stumpf.
What does dump mean steam?
Yeah.
Hans Stumpf.
That's like Thomas Tommy steam.
Is it like an engine?
It's a children's show.
It's a train.
Hey, everybody.
It's time for a Hans Stumpf.
Hans Stumpf.
Hey, kids.
Yeah.
Have you heard of a four stroke engine?
I thought that meant like something like, like, like in English, like Joe Blow, like
a blow heart, someone who just talks.
Oh, like, if you're full of the air, the hot, full of air, like a Hinton book.
Yeah.
Like guys being a real Hans Stumpf up there.
Listen to him.
Oh, you're just Hans Stumpfing all around.
You've not heard of that before?
Did you?
No, I've not heard this.
Okay.
Is it something that you are trying to get into the language?
I can, I can tweet it or something.
I've only seen that because I was called that once.
Oh, oh, did you think of something later?
Did you trip in vits that?
Did you chip in, tip and steal from the trip and what vits, vits, vits, oh, very good.
Yeah.
What is your, well, let's get back to your biopic for those that don't know you at all.
Is it biopic or biopic?
I say biopic.
Does this make sense?
But sometimes people say biopic.
I think it's stupid.
No, no, it's biopic.
Biopic is stupid.
And biopic is stupid.
Yes.
Thank you.
Great.
Yeah.
I guess, I guess biopic means they have, they've only seen the word in, in print.
Oh, like with chesses.
The thing in the automobile.
Yeah.
Chesses.
And then someone.
I, I, I never punish those people because I'm like, you read something.
That's amazing.
And you call bagels bagels.
Yeah, exactly.
Because you saw them in print.
Yeah.
I mean, like, I would rather, yeah, I don't want to, like, it's like, thank you for like
reading stuff.
Yes.
That's nice of you.
It's like a favor you do people now.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I lost my train of thought.
I purposely derailed you.
Yeah.
Sorry.
You asked about his biopic.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Well, I just want to get back to your, because this is a, this is a story of a, of a, you,
you're 12, your parents pack up, they go, we're going to, we're going to Avalon.
We're going to this, to the city on a hill.
We're going past that lady Liberty statue.
We're going to the new world.
Are we in Las Vegas?
What is happening?
Yeah.
You got your, your, did your parents drag you to America?
Why did you, why, what happened?
I was very fascinated always as a child with America, all German people just are.
This is how it's part of the DNA, you think?
I think, I think you think who knows.
So they are teachers and have summer breaks.
So in the summer, we would come here sometime.
So this was my first exposure to your, to the disease of America.
Just vacations.
And I got it.
Yeah.
And so then when I was able and legal to come, I attended your country.
Did your parents bring you here just because they knew you were into it?
No, everyone was into it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like snap wraps.
Like everyone kind of likes this.
You're like, mom, dad, I'm, I'm into America and they were like, get out of my brain.
Yeah.
Stop it.
That is a solid Billy Ocean reference and also you're wearing Billy Ocean sweater right
now.
So that makes it Billy lent it to me.
What was the first, when your first trip to America in that context, what was the, what
city did you choose?
Oh, Cornwall on the Hudson in near to New York City, which is outside of West Point.
Yeah.
Why was that chosen?
It sounds, I like that.
That sounds like there was like a dictator that just told me here, we're dropping you
here.
Bitch.
I have a pen pal.
I had a pen pal.
Yeah.
Like an international pen pal.
International.
Yes.
Expensive stamps.
No phone calls.
That's nice.
Yeah.
How long did you correspond with this pen pal as seven years?
Are you kidding me?
No jokes starting from what age were you seven and then so you continued it till you were
puberty.
And then it was like, is it me or is letter writing losing a bluster?
I just want to stare in a mirror and see the erections.
It wasn't on paper.
You were emailing, I'm assuming.
No email.
No, no, no, writing, writing for real, of course.
National stamps and number.
Yes.
It's writing chassis and all these other ones.
Correctly.
That is really cool.
I bet that, I mean, I'm like, like, who's this person?
I mean, you don't have to, their privacy is their business, but like they're an American
person that's corresponded with you for seven years.
Like, I'm sure this had a huge impact.
I don't know.
Am I being naive?
I'm like, boy, that seems like such a great thing for a kid developmentally.
Oh, it's magic.
Oh, mail is magic.
Like when you receive a letter from a person that has been written by hand, you know, it's
like a shashank redemption.
But also just have a relationship for years and years.
Was the entire seven years you'd never met in person?
Yeah, correct.
I mean, that's just like such a, that's like, like doing this a million sit ups, it's social
media wise.
You know, when someone is sitting on you as you do it, and you're trying to hype that
crowd.
It forces you.
Yeah.
How did you first meet?
I'm sorry.
Oh, so I was classes.
We are connected.
So the two teachers would connect the two classes and say, okay, now you're going to
speak to someone from the school.
Wow.
You've kept all the letters?
Yes.
My parents have them now.
And when's the last time you talked to this other person?
Many years.
Yeah, yeah.
Thousands of days.
Do you, would you even know how to get in touch with them if you?
Maybe Google, but like I am mysteriously incurious.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I, I, I would be too.
I would be too.
Because it could only.
Where did that relationship kind of fizzle out and die or like, why did that go away?
I think we just, as you said, they turned 14 and different things, you know, new kids
on the block hanging tough, you know, yeah, that, that, uh, that changed me too.
There was, there was tough hanging to do.
Yeah.
So much.
I didn't know that you had to hang that tough.
You do.
Yeah.
I was, I was hanging much too supply.
But now wait a minute.
So you said that the reason why you guys chose Cornwall on the Hudson, whatever it was,
is because that was the location of the pen pal.
Yes.
So that, did you, did you guys meet face to face?
We did meet here.
So that was it.
Yes.
Was that at the 14?
You guys were 14 and.
We met at the Caldors, which is an old mall outside a new book.
Yeah.
And, and, and so you guys were like, it's you is like, it's you.
And I said, it's me.
And then we liked it.
It was something, a CNC music factory.
Have you guys heard of everybody dance now?
Yeah.
I think I remember something like that.
James.
Take a breath and go for yours.
Oh my command.
Now here's the dance floor.
It's going to make you sweat to your groove.
Is that dope?
That's one of those.
Yeah.
Sweat till you bleed.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Sweat.
Going to make you lose control.
This is fun.
So you guys, so you guys met face to face.
You had an orange Julius together and you guys never wrote to each other again after
that.
No, we were done.
We were done.
Oh, look at you.
Look at you.
Yeah.
Remember that time you wrote that thing?
Yes.
It's right here.
I'm holding it to page two.
Was it, was it, was it, do you, like, I, I'm sorry, I'm making the whole night about
this, but this is fascinating to me.
Did you guys agree in that face to face meeting?
We're done.
Right?
No.
It just happened because of that.
And you never acknowledged it, but it just happened.
It is like when you are in love with a lady or man or a tree, whatever it's your thing
and you speak for many, many, many months and then it happens.
And then it's like, oh.
Yeah.
I mean, how could it?
Oh, it's so sad.
We cannot talk about this.
That's really sad.
Oh, it's great.
It was wonderful.
It was a nice reason to come to America and enjoy some things and, you know, have an orange
Julius.
We did have a Cinnabon.
Right.
The whole mall smells.
Why is the Cinnabon everywhere?
It does not matter where you are.
It smells of these juicy buns.
I just wonder.
Yeah, my cynical brain wants to know, there was two 14-year-old kids.
Was it mutual?
Was one of them completely disenchanted?
Was there a chain reaction?
What happened?
I know that I wrote to him one time and I think maybe he also did, but we never, it
never, nothing.
Yeah, just tapered off.
It was like, yeah, I hope that that person is not out there somewhere going like, where
is he?
I fucked it up.
No.
It was a star-com spaceship.
Have you heard of star-com?
You push a button.
It opens very, very slowly.
The men have metal feet.
Was that what micronauts became?
I don't know micronauts.
Are these like a small part of Russia?
Astronauts?
No, micronauts were these like little tiny plastic guys with a million joints and they
had plastic feet.
You already said metal feet, we know it's like this.
They take it inside the micro-machines with the man's feet.
They cause it, cause it, cause it, well, whatever, we'll figure this out.
Is it easier to be a hype man in German or in English for you?
Even in German, you use English words, we just like to say them.
All of our things are English.
We have lucky strike, the cigarettes, all of the advertisements are always in English.
It's like, son of a bitch, lucky strike, you know?
I mean, you're joking of course, but I think, I think my favorite advertisement of all time
is an early lucky strike and I might be wrong, but I think it's lucky strike.
And it was like in the 40s, so round, so firm, so fully packed.
Penis.
I can't tell if it's an ass or a dick.
What is it?
Yeah.
I want to smoke it.
Whatever it is.
Whatever you want to suck on it.
A match book.
Something you want to light it on fire and put it in your mouth.
Yes.
We don't want to disenchant any demographic.
It's fucking round and fully packed.
Get your mouth on it.
So round.
Immediately.
All right.
You'd be a fool not to put it in your mouth.
So you come with your parents, you meet your pen pal, whatever, like America becomes
this thing and then there's a certain point, so I just want to then understand at what
point, because you said, and you're kind of a dry guy, so I'm not sure which is true
and which is not.
But you came here, entered a hype man contest and then like, but I just want to know, yeah,
what point are you an adult and you go like, all right, that's it, I'm making the move.
I'm going to be here on a tourist visa or a work visa and then you're like, okay, I'm
staying and I've done it.
It's just fascinating to me.
Well, the introduction, like the first taste of cocaine when the man's like, please snort
it for free.
This was my Cornwall.
That was my Cornwall.
And then some years later, I was like, I need to try this, this cocaine for real, you know.
Well, if that's the case, then can I pause you there?
Because I want to know like a 14 year old German boy in whatever year we won't date
you.
But we know you played with G.I.
Joe's and the, which, but if German moves slowly, maybe that was 1997.
Do you remember details of like comparing it to that?
What is it, what is that crack hit of America?
Like what are the, what, what, what hits your lungs that you're like, oh shit, maybe I should
live here.
Oh, it's a television.
Yes.
You guys, you had very dope MTV and then you had very many call numbers, you know, 191,
10, 10, 220 with Toby Keith, like 10, $1 gives you 20 minutes of call time.
Is that right?
Toby?
He's like, yes.
You know, but you didn't call any of those.
Yes, of course.
You called Toby Keith?
Well, he was, he did not answer his room.
I also called 1-800-USA-GIRL and if you call 1-800-USA-GIRL, you can try to be America's
girl.
And so I would call as me, but like with a high voice and try to apply to win the USA
Girl competition.
All right.
I can't.
I'm not gonna.
1-800-USA-GIRL.
Yeah.
But it's not.
All right.
I'm not going to be sincere anymore.
These are real things.
Wait, but it was like, I believe you a little bit when you're saying like that was a thing,
like the TV had all these commercials on it for these things.
The whole culture is free and everything is cool.
But it wasn't free.
It was $1.95 a minute.
It was a horribly expensive.
I never paid it.
No.
You just, it's like the, I ought to maybe eat a boy.
Do you remember this commercial?
Right.
Yeah.
So you, so, so that I get.
So you're just coming over here from Europe, like the TV and that culture was actually
like overwhelmingly a positive thing.
Yes.
And rule bending and breaking is so fun here to do.
You know, like when, after, before I won the Hypeman contest, I was here before one time
and I watched five films at the Burbank AMC 16, but only paid for one.
I watched a Cinderella man and Mrs. Mr. and Mrs. Smith and then the War of the Worlds.
And then that's a very fantastic.
Because you can just stay in the theater.
Yeah.
Who cares?
In Germany, this will not happen.
Right.
Because the, the soft underbelly of extreme capitalism is like, who's going to watch
five movies?
That's not pretty.
And why would we pay an usher to, sorry, I thought you were referencing churches, Italy,
the strategy of World War Two.
Oh, no, no.
Sorry.
That's what I thought, too.
Soft underbelly.
I didn't mean to trigger you.
Sorry.
I didn't know a soft underbelly's were trigger freaks.
They came up to the land on Palermo and they went to Sicily.
Is there a better?
I'm sorry.
Look, it was, I think we can all agree it was a very tragic war for everybody.
Well, it's our fault.
Let's be real.
We are the real ticks.
Yeah, yeah.
We know.
I have a couple of friends that are German and they, people, Americans that I know, like
the kind of the joke is that Germans have a weird sense of humor, but I find that the
German sense of humor is incredibly funny.
And I think a lot of it is the word play, because we are, as English speakers, it's
a Germanic language, like pretty, like largely.
There's also like Latin roots and stuff like that, but we're very German.
But my German friends, if they hear a word, they have eight jokes for it, like which you've
already kind of proven, like it's, I find the German sense of humor really, really delightful.
Wow.
That's very rare to hear.
I have my friend from England, he was like, hey, do you know the difference between British
humor and German humor?
I was like, no, tell me.
He's like, yeah, British humor is funny.
Suck it.
Well, British humor is like, you know, also word play and irony and, but the German humor,
in my experiences, it's really like punny, but in a fun way, like puns can be kind of
awful, but the use of words to turn themselves inside out, I find very good.
I like this as well.
I feel like it is in affliction.
I don't know that it's funny.
Right.
Yeah.
You can't help yourself from it.
I cannot help it.
Yeah.
I love it.
So you come over here, you enter a hype man contest.
I do.
Yes.
This is a real thing.
The Siam.
I will send you the link.
It's a Siam hype man contest in Chicago, Illinois.
And they're like, and I love the spirit of this contest.
They're like, we want, we're looking for somebody who's pure hype man.
Yes.
And then I can see why, like you're, yeah, like you, you take the cake.
And so I wonder what, what did your parents do by the way?
Oh, no, taking the cake is good.
No, no, no, you grab it in the strudel.
Okay.
Thank you.
I did not know if it takes the cake was a euphemism for invading Poland or something
like that.
Again, just.
You're not Borat, you know, you know that taking the cake is good.
Yes.
Cake is nice.
I like cake.
Let's take it.
Yes.
But there was a point where you, I'm just curious, like, what did your, what did your
family do?
Like what, there was a point where it seems like, because fast forward to the end of it,
you're, you're, you're a guest on the show.
You're working with Conan.
You're all over the place.
Your face is on postage stamps.
You're, you're, you're, you're a successful luminary.
You're an icon.
You're, you're a celebrated person.
And in like, I, I, I'm fascinated by this, this fact that there had to be a moment where
there was like this boat that like you, you're like, I'm going to just do this for real.
Like I'm not going to just have a fantasy about being like crazy and fun and like I,
I'm actually like, I'm going to suck on this nipple and it's not a nipple, just, that's
it.
Well, in Germany, those are nipples, I don't say, well, it's could be regional.
Welcome to America.
It's a Boise nipple or something.
I don't know.
We call it.
Yeah.
We're a very homophobic culture here.
So we, we call when we have to grip something and just put the whole thing in our mouth,
we just call it a giant cylindrical nipple.
Got it.
Okay.
It keeps us straight.
Oh, you just want to chug on that fame.
And then you tickle the under.
Your boomerang's out everybody, but I don't know, I swear this is the last, this is the
last biopic question I asked and then we can get into the present and have fun or whatever.
But like, I just want to be at that moment of, of actual like, because you're, are you
American now?
Are you a dual citizen?
Do you have citizenship?
No, not American, but maybe this will occur.
I don't, it doesn't matter so much.
Not anymore.
Well, now it's weird.
Yeah.
I mean, the last president was born in Kenya and the current one can't read.
Oh yes.
Both facts.
Anyway, but, but, but, but, but yeah.
So this is, I know you, I'm telling you truths for reals.
I entered this hype, hype man contest for real.
I did not know I would win.
I thought I would be like the William Hang of the of the hype man contest.
I just wanted like one minute of, oh, look at the idiot and then I can show this to my
parents.
Right.
So because I did not know what I was doing, I won this.
It's always nice to be confusing if, if part of hype, probably.
Yes.
Like why?
Like they would play a different beat.
They're like, what beat would you like to hype to?
I was like, I don't know.
Beat two.
And then they beat two.
I don't know.
But then they're like, then they're like, we're going to play beat three.
And this other hype man would be like short circuited, you know, like that shitty Johnny
five robot, but for me, did you have an emcee that you would hype that there was there like
a dedicated emcee?
There were three judges.
One of the guys was Ant Marshal from the Lyrisis Lounge and then DJ clock Kent who worked
with JC and then, oh, shit, a third one.
Anyway, it's so say you're hyping somebody that's actually doing like rap.
There's it.
No, there's no what the rapper never appears.
That's the ultimate.
Okay.
Yes.
I don't think you're ready.
Yeah.
And it's just a turtle.
You're hyping nobody.
I still can't hear you.
Are you ready for Dr. Xavier?
Why aren't your hands already together?
Yes.
That's fucking.
Wow.
When I say hip, you say nothing.
No one is there.
Yes.
So is it like a two minute, two minutes, or do you, do they tell you when you're done?
I just keep going and going like we would still be doing your sleepy song now if you
guys had continued it because I don't know.
And do they eventually put a hook around you or show time, they go like it's over, you're
done.
Your entry is.
Why some word?
How does it end when you're hype manning in your, as your entry in the contest?
It's the first time the sound broke.
So then I kept freestyle rapping and they were very confused that this continued.
I didn't know I should stop.
And so they enjoyed this anyway.
So I want this thing.
And then I was like, oh, this is a, this should mean I should stay here and do more things.
And so then I just, it is like in the Vegas or Reno, wherever you go with circus, circus
is located.
And you just, you keep making a double down of things.
Yeah.
So that's what I just keep doing.
And you made a good call.
You're happy now, right?
You're an adult and you're.
I'm adult.
You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're not lifting things for a living.
Just waits.
Yeah.
Do you, do you work out?
I have to look at it.
I have to do it.
It's a job.
Yeah.
I was instructed to use what explain that I received a project and they like you are
to, you are too skinny today, b-boy.
Oh, oh, are you, you're in Suicide Squad.
I cannot say that.
No.
You're not allowed to say you're in Suicide Squad.
That's false.
That's a false.
It's not real.
Well, I think James good.
We did something.
Well, I'm going to disagree with this.
People are very excited about that.
It's okay.
All right.
So you know our friend, Steve Agee, you didn't probably.
Oh, he is tall.
Yes, he is.
Yes.
He's about your height.
Oh, more.
More.
Oh, six, six player.
Did you call me player?
Yes.
It was an a.
It's a and chef.
Yeah.
Don't do a hard hour.
I'm player.
This is in deer of term.
A term of, you know, it's a well, it's what the Germans would call an endearment
term.
Yeah.
You said it.
All right.
Well, okay.
So let's, uh, let's, I think we should be a little, a little more freestyling.
Yeah.
Let's, that's what I'm saying.
I wanted to do your biopic, your journey to, to today.
Thank you.
I did not Uber.
Oh, we'll say more.
No.
Okay.
Could you teach them how to be a hype man?
Cause that's the thing is that I could use some enthusiasm and you could benefit from
like what?
Yeah.
Well, let me hype man.
You know what happened me?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
So you will hype me.
Yeah.
He hypes you.
I think that's a great idea.
You're the MC.
He's your, your Chuck D to his flavor and let's see what happens.
Okay.
So some tips.
Always ask a yes or no question, but it must be like a yes.
Okay.
So does anybody want cupcakes?
Excellent.
Yes.
Who wants to drink diarrhea?
No.
Don't do that.
Question.
See cupcakes.
Yes.
Cupcakes.
Diarrhea.
No.
He said the same as telemarketing rules.
Yes.
He's a very, you want to create a yes culture.
Yes or no.
Yes.
And what is the goal of the hype man or hype person?
Is it to get the party started and put the MC on like a floating cloud of energy?
Like golf brooks coming from the grand piano.
And then all they have to do is just sing a song and do nothing, but maybe the crowd
is already there.
Yes.
And in the hype man's mind, is there such a thing as a bad MC?
Like there can't be right because you have to stay the hype man.
Yes.
You have to stay in those brains.
You can't go outside and look.
What if you don't believe in your hype, your MC?
What if your MC is something that you don't believe and you're like, do I still have to
hype this person?
Every MC is your crystal light.
You believe in it.
You believe in crystal light because you believe in me.
Why do you know more references in America than all of these people?
Television commercials.
I told you.
Crystal light.
What's such a thing as a hype man whistleblower?
Are they protected?
If they're like, you know what?
You are terrible.
You are ready for him and he's not ready for you.
And that's a crime.
I need to be protected and I need people to not know my name is Flavor Flav.
This is why I was not a successful hype man in Germany because this would exist immediately.
Right.
I would tell you right away.
You are not adequate.
The decibels are too low away.
But let's say you're backstage, let's just say you've just met your MC.
You're the hype man.
Okay.
Let's say you've been lifelong friends.
We are friends.
And you're like, I don't think you got it tonight.
I say this.
No, no, like in your mind, you're like, I don't think the MC, like how do I get out there?
He said too much to drink.
He's unhypeable.
Yeah.
Probably a dirty word in your profession.
That's fine.
I'm an honest hype person for going out there and hyping up something that you don't believe
in.
Do you know who Kurt Rambus is?
Yes.
The sixth man in the LA Lakers.
Thank you.
Okay.
Wait, that's not true.
That's not true.
Is it true?
Yes.
Shut up.
Kurt Rambus.
Kurt Rambus wear glasses.
He would come in and give 5,000 and go out and get kicked out.
Yes.
And he would punch.
What the fuck?
He would punch.
I have a German hype man and a guy that sleeps in his suit and he said, do you know who Kurt
Schmickenschmack is?
And you're like, the sixth linebacker on the lake.
No.
He was the sixth man off.
He was the first one off the bench and his job was to foul everybody in clothesline and
he saw.
Kevin Bacon.
Kevin Bacon also.
Six rules.
Six degrees.
Who gives a shit?
Exactly.
Go on.
Why Kurt Rambus?
Why do you feel it?
Yeah.
Your point being.
Sometimes Karim Abdul-Jabbar and James Worthy are just tired.
Oh, I don't want to play today.
I don't want to make a nice skyhookie.
Great.
Bring in Kurt.
Kurt will foul in Elbow and make it dunk.
If you fucking win.
But sometimes Karim is ready for some skyhookies and Michael Koopas making swishies and dees.
That is fucking profound.
Kurt, sit on the bench, make a little swiggy swig.
Clap, clap, clap.
Okay.
That is a fucking beautiful idea.
That goes deep.
Can you name the starting five of the 85 Lakers?
You named most of them already.
That's not the important thing.
No, no, no.
I just want to find out how much more of an American he is than we are.
Byron Scott, Michael Koopa, James Worthy, Karim Abdul-Jabbar, Magic Johnson, and then
Kurt Rambus on the bench.
What the fuck?
Oh, thank you.
Is this just Lakers or are you a big sports guy?
No, no, no.
You like sports.
That is the Showtime Lakers.
I prefer it, but I know it's offensive.
I prefer the Celtics of this era.
Okay, now, name of starting five Celtics.
Bill Walden on the bench, Dennis Johnson, Larry Bird, Robert Parrish, Kevin McHale,
Danny Ainge.
Fucking hell.
What the hell?
I don't understand.
I don't understand anyone liking sports.
I don't understand an immigrant knowing sports.
If you were ever going to like sports, that would have been the only time to like basketball.
Stop culture for us is sports, basketball is like the dopest of all the sports because
of the culture.
Why would Germans be watching American sports?
It's cool.
It's just cool.
Nice dunking, cool swishing.
It's the 1992 Olympics.
Lucky struck.
That better be the fucking name of this episode.
Nice dunking, cool swishing.
George Comptroller, I'm going to decree that that is the title of this episode.
But it's crazy to recall the lineup of these teams.
These aren't current teams, right?
No, this is the 84, 85, 86.
Yes.
Well, the 1992 dream team like changed my brain.
So like this is when this magic and Larry were old, but they were still on the team.
The Charles Barkley.
Charles Barkley, common only.
This is when they were going to the Olympics.
They were going to basketball in the Olympics.
Yes.
Angola.
What do you know about Angola?
I don't know anything about Angola, but they're in trouble, Charles Barkley.
I can't remember that.
In 1982.
I'm a fucking paradise right now.
This is great.
Whatever.
The fact that this guy knows the starting six or five and then the bench, can you name
anybody else off the bench of the Lakers or the Celtics back then?
In addition to those guys?
Yeah.
No.
But still the fact that you got those is outrageous.
I love it.
Oh, yeah.
Who cares?
Well, I mean, it's crazy to me because it speaks of a strange pocket of like, because
I don't understand like the things that I committed to my memory at that age were so
different and I don't.
Yeah.
I'm just fascinated by like.
Well, you have different pockets than my pockets, right?
Right.
Just a pocket.
If you said I would be almost disgusted, I would take a shower from one of your knowledge
pockets.
Thank you.
But no, same thing.
Okay.
Knowledge pockets might be the title too.
Yeah, Dan, Dan, Dan, name the name the drop and loads guy from porn.
This is one of Dan's pockets.
Yeah.
Well, I can't even remember.
Okay.
No.
I mean, what's his name?
I don't know.
Dropping Nick Manning.
Thank you.
Nick Manning.
If you're out there.
Are you all right?
He's dropping loads of loads of a note, so there's this porn star who when he's coming,
he says dropping loads.
He says the words dropping loads.
Yeah.
Does he pronounce the G?
I think.
Yes.
Hard G.
He says dropping loads.
Dropping loads.
Yes.
Loads.
Loads up.
Dropping loads.
Oh, you want a hard G.
And then there's for instance, there's a porn where he plays Batman and he does say dropping
bat loads.
Oh, he adds it like no he hooked into it and he's been on Howard Stern a million times
or something, but he's kind of vanished.
Oh, yeah.
He's out there somewhere.
Dropping loads.
Are you okay?
We could hold.
Anyway, but that's not important.
He's picking up loads.
Dropping.
All of the dropped ones.
I get it.
But is it better if he says dropping with an apostrophe or dropping?
What's less offensive?
I don't think that matters.
Dropping loads.
I think that's cuter.
I agree.
I think it's cuter.
Less threatening.
Yeah, I'm just dropping.
Yeah.
Just dropping a few loads off.
Here's my YT.
Here's my Carlos.
Is it all right if I drop these loads?
I've got so much to do.
That's hot.
Yeah.
That's his soft core porn work.
Yes.
Like massage videos.
Should I drop a load?
No.
Okay.
I was in a porn that was about a broken washing machine.
You were in a porn?
Yeah.
And it was called unbalanced load.
Oh, come on.
All right.
Let's do that.
Let's start this exercise where I'm your hype man because I really think that this would
be therapeutic for me.
And I find that profoundly inspiring what you said even though, and it actually is making
me rethink sports as a utility because you were able to draw from your relationship with
sports where you're like, oh yeah, this guy goes out there and he, for that person to
know, it's not his job to be a star is how I'm interpreting it.
Oh, I love this.
There's a heroism there that you can tap into where you're like, I am the hype man.
Oh, yes.
And no matter what this bag of dicks that I'm hyping, it's not a two way thing.
Like I'm not here to receive energy from my subject.
I am here to hype.
Yes.
I'm like a jack.
It lifts a car.
It doesn't ask the car if the car is liftable and if the car says, no, I'm feeling heavier
than usual.
If the jack doesn't go, fuck this, I quit.
No.
It's fucking like it's defined by it's jacking.
Yeah, it's just jacking off and going and then hyping, hype, hype, hype, hype, hype.
All right.
So like, I don't have to know anything about you.
No, it does not matter.
Yeah.
But so we do, we do a beat.
You know, okay.
So some questions, some tips.
Okay.
So as we were saying before, only question, yes, yes, question and you add will not like
that.
So ask, ask, ask the questions and so they will say yes, no matter what.
And then always something with two parts.
So they know the second part, you know, so like hip, hop.
When I say hip, okay, okay.
But don't be confusing.
If you like, when I say pants, you say people don't know, right, right, right, right, right.
Dance.
We don't, we don't know what's happening, right.
Unless you want to make a little curvy ball, a little Nolan Ryan action, they're very confused
about what is happening.
A famous athlete.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
That's another tip.
So only yes questions and no confusing call and response, like no, no mad libs where they
have to like puzzle it out.
Yeah.
This was no Sudoku.
I have two and a one, three, three space.
Space.
No.
If the hands are in the air, should they care or not care?
Yeah.
You can even just say, wave your hands in the ear and then you can just watch them if
you like.
Right.
Is there, is there a way just between us?
Yeah.
Is there a way to wave your hands in the air as if you do care?
Yes.
I think that's the way to do it.
Yeah.
Wave your hands.
Obviously, I think wave your hands in the air, like it fucking matters, like it's obviously
that's been tried and like it didn't work.
Yeah.
I've tried wave your hands like it's important for you and that it doesn't wave your hands
in the air.
Like this is the last time you'll have hands.
Yeah.
Obviously, that hasn't worked.
It doesn't rhyme.
It doesn't rhyme as much.
It is, it screams of like terror.
It's like after watching human centipede.
These kinds of screams is what you really get.
Okay.
Is there anything else or should we, should we try?
I would say last thing is ask them to scream at the end.
Ask them to scream?
Yeah.
Like the end.
But only ask somebody to.
And then don't ask everybody to.
Somebody just ask somebody and then say anybody and then elevate it to everybody scream.
Oh, okay.
But not like somebody seemed like it's a treat to scream.
Yeah.
And then start permitting more screaming.
I want, I just want one person to scream.
Okay.
So that's your choice.
Then you're a great phase one hype man, like enjoy your low throttle hype.
If all I do in my life is make one person scream, but it was worthwhile then.
Great.
Enjoy.
Have you seen Joker?
That's I think was his goal.
I haven't seen it yet.
Don't spoil it for me.
I won't.
Okay.
So you, you have the, the, the, the rules now?
Yeah.
Yes.
And I want you to challenge me.
Don't take pity on me and bail me out by coming in and, and also being hype worthy.
Don't hype man you.
Yeah.
For sure.
Don't bail me out.
Like I want to.
And also, whatever you do MC wise, make sure that only comes from the hype that has been
driven by what Dan has created.
Yeah.
Well, so there should be a thing like all of this has been about like the hype man introduction.
And then they, and then the, and then the star kind of begins.
I will tell you, so the star doesn't matter, but what your role as a hype man, what when
that, when that, when that person is now performing hydration, what's my job hydration?
Yes.
Always hydrate metaphorically or no for real.
I just got a drink.
Okay.
It's nine eleven.
Oh, we get drop that beat.
Okay.
All right.
It's nine eleven.
Let's drop that beat.
Oh, it's an odd.
Okay.
Yeah, is everybody sitting in a theater tonight?
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, has everyone been born on a, on earth?
Let me hear from my carbon based lifeforms.
I say shoe you snow, wait, no, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I said Pina butter you say jelly, jelly, boy.
Yes, yes, yeah, yeah, moving on, moving on, moving on.
Window high to dip down.
But it's coming up.
It's it's every does everyone have a first name tonight. Yeah
It's everyone no two plus two is four
Yeah, all right. I can't hear you. Did you say something?
I'm bringing to the stage
It's somebody that you want to see
And they're here. Please welcome and see
Askabash
Yeah
Let's hear it fall down, huh?
Fuck all right, he's not ready yet
He did that because you fucked up
But it's okay. You can bring it back
uh
Everybody put your hands in the air
The way you would if it didn't matter if you did it
Yes, you absolutely don't have to have your hands in the air. Okay
So raise them in a way that you like like feel that feeling of not having to have them up there
Like there's no outcome that will punish you
Just just feel it flow the ambivalence of your hands
there's a
There's a version of you that didn't raise your hands that person's fine
It's getting a little
It's depressing but
Everybody enjoyed breakfast this morning. No
That's polarizing. Does everybody acknowledge that breakfast is an important meal?
Ladies and gentlemen, he's back MC kubanabi
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo kuba kuba kuba kuba kubanabi
You're so sloppy
I've bring that beat back and bring that beat back. I can't have it on a day
Does everybody acknowledge the importance of a free press and a democratic republic?
Does everybody appreciate an antique carpet in their friend's apartment
Yeah, is everybody think bombs filter impurities for cannibal noise?
Well, I didn't imagine that was gonna split people up, but
Uh, does everybody think golden girls was well crafted?
Here he comes
MC kubanabi
Shit yo born ready feels shitty like a stale daddy reappearment was not in the golden god
God damn it
Does everybody know where they parked tonight?
Uh apaniac with license plate three oh i am
You left your lights on
Does everybody agree that could prevent them run out of battery?
All right, this is very great dad 20 more minutes 20 more minutes. How can I hear you when I say yes, you say
Go hey, whoa when I say kubi dupe you say when I say kubi dupe you say
kubi dupe
Just everyone did everyone read about the vice president being implicated in the ukraine scandal
Yes
Fuck this is uh
Sorry, sorry, what are you supposed to do engage fans when you're hyping you can if you like
You got it. Thank you
Very good very good. Yes
Does everyone want to see something on this stage?
Does everyone agree that indoors is different from outdoors by virtue of enclosure?
Yes
Does everyone agree that means there's such a thing as being out of the house and in the house?
Yes, you don't have to prefer one to the other say it again. Do you agree on the difference?
Okay, all right
The next performer is in the house
It's okay if that's not your preference
This is where they are. All right, that's also where you are
Does everyone agree death is bad
Oh
I think we're I think we're playing for a win. Yeah. Yeah, this is giving back
I went I went too far
Fine does everyone agree that existence is superior to non-existence even if only by virtue of the ability of existence to acknowledge nihilism
Please welcome
I think therefore I am renaissance have a lot of these that makes me fall
All right, everybody
Look at this point if you bought the album, we thank you
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right
I mean that is seriously fucking hard work. That was amazing. You changed many lives tonight
But it's also it's not just the physical it is the actual there is an emotional exuberant
Exhaustion. Oh, yes, and the people may be nice too. They may be rude, but these are your buddies and amigos, so it's okay
How are you able to have that on tap and
Unexpendable you just keep going you do not think about it. Just go go go go go stop go
What do you say to people who say it's because you're a sociopath?
I look up sociopath and then I kick them in the testicles
Spencer you got any questions for a crazy new friend who we met all too late and other were ending the show
It could have had him back a million times. Oh, yeah, so many questions. So what's your favorite sport?
Was that real I heard a little tone with the word sport
Oh, no, uh
People infer a lot of from my tone, but it's entirely accidental. So I'm sorry
That's fine, that's fine
I like basketball. It's very nice. As I said, it was a nice dunking cool swishing and it's become uh dunking and cool swishing
it's become a very
Over the last, you know decade or so has been a very european sport now and now the the us are sucking
Yeah, is that true? So what changed was it because of those olympics with the dream team?
Yes, yes, the olympics everyone's like only smokes. We can do this dirknowitzki top 10 basketball player of all time very german woodwood
Yeah, of course
And so now all of this is like a very large percentage of foreign players spanish and uh, german argentina ever africa
Oh, yes, I have to say basketball
Just about takes the cake as far as the intimidating sports like I could never intimidating
Yeah, because I could understand baseball and I could understand like okay
I'm worse at hitting the ball. I'm worse at catching the ball, but if I get good at those things
I can at least understand what's happening. Yes, but in basketball
I they would pass me the ball and then I would start to do something on the whistle would blow and everyone would be like
Are you fucking kidding me? And I'd be like what I don't understand like fundamentals then you got another ball has to bounce
But it has to bounce a certain amount
I just I never got it baseball is nice because you can have one skill and then you can survive
You know, there's like a very old very large boys that can toss a ball accurately
But there's nothing they cannot run they cannot hit a stick with a head of a ball and is there any culture for
American baseball
I say that like there's it's like soccer like there's a there's a european baseball
Is that but it baseball is that is there any hope for that in europe? No
People just look at that like we look at cricket and they go like I don't understand. Why are you doing that?
There's no history. You guys have I've watched Ken Burns baseball documentary, you know, it's like part of your history
Like Lincoln and things we don't have this, you know, there's there's no like Goethe was like, you know trying to steal third
You know now he's writing poems how how insular to England is cricket is cricket viewed the same way by
The rest of Europe. Yes, I think it's England and then the colonies
But it's like an English thing so they're like if you say so
So yeah, it's it's like we invent these things we invent this set of rules and then we go
This is this is it's different from movie writing or TV show writing where you go like
This is a template for stories that are going to be improvised by people through their athletic prowess
And you're you're actually creating you're kind of building the equivalent of multicamp sets for a sitcom and saying
Wings is going to be a hit
Like like this is this is these are the rules like these people work for an airline and then they here's the commissary
And they'll have will they won't they's over here and then they're like and you and and things take off or they don't
But like some people go like I don't understand football. I don't understand soccer
I don't understand like cultures just either take it or they don't yeah
I don't know how much of that is visceral and how much of that is just hegemonical if that's a word
How much of it is just like fucking forced down your throat? You will like soccer
Because that's what poor people can play in the street. And that's what all of these calling it, you know
Colonial powers like like like brought so the world loves soccer. All right. I'm sorry football football. Yeah, yeah
but
thank you like
Like that's like the big one that's like the water of sports like because you can play it anywhere anywhere everyone gets it
It's truly based on like just the prowess of people running back and forth
Uh, what are the what's my question?
That's a good guess for no question. Yes
Why I don't know it's just like it's weird. Why did we invent baseball? You saw the kin birds documentary?
Why did we I have a friend if I can interrupt for a second
I go ahead a friend of mine who is from is a cricket fan a rugby rugby fan
He's from England. He's from like southern eastern
Southwestern England south northern west east. Yeah, he's like
I
What the fuck? I mean from Lyme Regis, but I think it's south southwest
Uh, he watched the kin burns documentary never knew anything about baseball and he watched it and he goes
I'm a baseball fan now
He goes like that like that. He goes. I didn't realize the history behind the sport and if you
Sit and watch a cricket match with somebody who really loves cricket and they explain it to you
You become like kind of like you can become a fan of it just based on the weird minutiae of it all. Yes
Um, I I don't I I don't I don't like the NFL. I stopped liking the NBA the major league baseball
I don't like the way these clubs are ran and the owners are all a bunch of rich white assholes
but uh
When you said kurt rambas that made me happy because when I was a kid
That was the greatest basketball of all time was the LA Lakers and the boston saltics and there was a time when
Two rivals would walk up and shake hands before the match
Yeah, and and then they
Murdered each other. They hated each other. Yes, but before the match there was respect and stuff like that
So that I love the fact that you somebody who's not from here
Like remembers like the teams from that like that's cool. I'm not a big sporty guy
But I do like when people play with honor and respect and you know dignity and stuff
Well, they were not making many dollars, you know those even the baseball guys were like born
Stop they would play for the real team and then they would ride trains and play like tiny games
They're like strippers, you know, they just go here and do some stripping. They go to vegas, but off season tamper
Which guys are you referring to like like which was Larry birds in real like early baseball guys or early baseball?
But also basketball. These dudes are huge dudes. They're playing flying like pan american flights, you know to go play the
76ers and things
I heard I'm big into true crime
podcast
Oh, my throat is
I've never hyped like that. Yeah, um, by the way, then
And for real, that was amazing. Your high manning was fucking stupendous
I lost my voice just listening to you do that. That was fucking
There's a true crime story about a guy whose story is all about what a great basketball player
He was and how good he could have been and that his life like kind of took these weird turns and he ends up disappearing without a trace
But uh, what are the chapters of his life was that? Is it Lonzo Ball?
No, no, no, that's a shot fired. Sorry. This is rude. Oh, oh, oh, that's like a basketball guy
The joke could be that he's bad. Yeah, yeah, because I thought I was like, wait, maybe that's the guy's name. I think
definitely not
But part part of the guy's life was that
He was invited he he kept failing out of he's like he got into this college and then
But he couldn't he couldn't hack it and really his uh addiction like it's like like his his path of uh
Successes and failures. It was a roller coaster ride and that at one point
He was tapped to play in the Harlem Globetrotters, which is like it's like to imagine the the globetrotters are out there
Are still being like the blue man group
Like like I I'm so curious about what it takes to be a globetrotter
And what their shows are like there are there you think they're still Harlem Globetrotters
Oh, yeah, and they're amazing and and and so you do you buy tickets like do they hold they must hold them at the same arenas as
Regular sporting events, obviously. Yes, usually not the very large arenas, but slightly smaller
But yes, it's also like they're not the pro pros, but the people that don't like when I was a kid
We would go to the uh the la forum and see them play
And it was like the circus meets sports and it was like they were clowns and and but also
They were ridiculously skilled because like meadowlark lemon and uh
Curly like those guys the shit that they could do
Was like a like a magic trick. So they would just come out you it was like it was like a that was like pro wrestling
But it was like and they played the washington generals who always lost
I think not always the generals like one like a couple a few a few
But they would also like come out with a bucket of water and then throw it, but it was confetti
Yeah, every time you know all about the globetrotters. I watched they came to Germany
They and and like was it uh
Was it the original guys or was it like
It couldn't have been the it was not like so there was like the and one mixtape tour
This is very boring
But there was a time in the 2000s where like the professor and al and all of these guys were like
Became you knew each of those guys the globetrotters to me were never my era of that was not like this is a famous man
Who was good at the thingy thing now they're just I don't know if they're just guys that
You know had a knee injury and can't really play in the NBA anymore
But what they have is like incredible like juggling skills and clown skills
Have you seen this youtube dude perfect? It's like five dudes that do like crazy tricks
No, okay. Well, anyway, go all of the globetrotters are like this before this
Have you seen the youtube video? Wait, did you I was just gonna for context the dude perfect
There's a fly like I threw a ball and it landed like on someone's nose who's across the stage
And then it's like oh, I was just gonna say there's a like a
Korean woman or something. There's some video of like a
There's some there's some woman that does that like like she is a she does. I don't see gender
It could be a woman. Yeah, Dan doesn't see gender either or race. Well, that's why she could be Japanese and I might be racist
But it's a because I don't see anything
um
Like but there's it's a whole youtube video of like her just doing that shit
It's like it's like the it's like the globetrotter version of parkour
Like it's it's her like walking by a laundromat and then someone's like you forgot your jacket
And then she throws a can of pepsi and the pepsi like hits a skateboarder and the jacket like hangs on a hook
I I do a bad job of improvising that
It's all that that's like what dude perfect does. Yeah, she's like walking up a staircase
It throws a thing over a shoulder and it like it like makes a guy that was about to eat poison not eat poison
It's all while shitty rocks like
It's like a porn but tricks
I wonder if she I would it's like like because it's like she'll do I think like she'll she sidekicks a uh soda
Uh cap off of the bottle. Oh the bottle cap challenge
Um, I wonder who's ripping off who or if they both are like students of some gene aughtry that
That did it kind of shitty like hey, and he kind of like went like this and three times out of 10 throw me an ice cube
Throw me a single ice cube. Is it going to be dude perfect?
Oh god
Did did that go in the in the piano
Let's say yes. Let's say yes
That would have been a dude perfect. Wait, did you really want an ice cube or did you want me to do perfect by the leg?
Okay, as long as it's not inside the piano
What did you why did you not know you want to you want to you want to throw the dirty okay win-win. Oh, he's duding perfect
Close my eyes. Why is that important?
It's like william tell there's only one reason you want me to do that. He's gonna just thank you in the nose
Is this every Harmontown more or less yeah just 20 minutes of no they say we are in toss this cube
Wait, who's got it close your eyes got it in the front row. No one's got it in the front row
It's behind the speaker. It's just gonna merge right here by so
That could be good any other sports
Now imagine if your eyes were closed during that
Think about how amazing that would what if it went in what if it went in what if it hit me on the head bro
That would have been yeah, yeah, you guys watching succession. No I started everyone's loving it
The finale just happened. Did you see the finale? I think I might be one episode behind
I may not have seen the finale me neither. Yeah, it grew on me a lot real fast
I've just started. I'm behind. Yeah, it grows on you grows on you quick. Do you have a favorite person?
Yes, oh who might it put that candle? I like I like I like candle now. I knew it
But I because I like his journey. Yeah, I like that he's become a husk and that the husk
Actually reveals like a core that because the core was never allowed. Yeah a million reasons father son stuff
I like I like Kendall was somebody that I
I was like I I was like
Fuck this junkie, you know, and then like through that conduit. I like it was like, oh shit like
It was it's it's I think I think that's the magic of that show is it's like sucking people in or that's the magic of television
That you just watch one thing. That's why they call it succession. You know addicted. Oh, damn
Anyways, but uh, what else? Uh
Look, here's the thing. Yeah
Wait, I had a I had a I had an idea the thing
Hey, yeah, I had an idea a second ago. Is it really my job to make sure the show is like a show? No, it's Jeff's job
Shall I ask a side question while you ponder? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, is one of the guys a brother of Macaulay Culkin on the show?
Yeah, okay. Thank you. Yeah
Yeah, and he's quite good
And I would I would I would I would recommend to people that they not know that when they start watching the show
I agree and that they're reminded of it after they've watched a couple episodes because that will make you go
Holy shit. Wow. What a what a what an impact? Yes. Uh, did that give you enough time?
I got I got enough time. Yeah. Yeah, because because Cody eventually said to me, you know how that is
I'm like, I don't care who it is. I'm just enjoying him and she's like
That's that's a Culkin. I'm like, all right. I'm glad I didn't know that
I meant to die by you enough
No, no, no, you did not because I can only do one thing at once. Yeah, I'll cut it quick quick
Uh, I watched in the plane then I'll I'll solve for you. I watched in the plane ride home from Minneapolis this morning
Uh, the one of the two fire fest
Hulu is on the Delta flights. You saw that one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that is uh
It's pretty fucked up
The tribal warfare between the two fire documentaries is really funny to me
We have friends who worked on one or the other and I'm always losing track
I think I've seen them both and I think I'm pretty much like, yeah, I don't like we're not in the tank for either fire
Documentary it seems like fire. I don't think I don't think you need to see two of those
I just want to find out like oh, it was a bunch of douchebags. So I think that's all you need to know out of that, right?
It's a that's a yeah, that's a fucked up glimpse at everything
I did have a I had a weird experience where I was like because there's there's one of them where there's one of the
Guys who like does the whole monologue about how he uh, he was he was allegedly willing to blow a guy for water
And that that okay. I did not see that that's not the hulu one
That sounds like the better one if you see the clip the guy is like he becomes your hero
Because he's so sincere. He's like no, I like he's unapologetic about it
He's also not unapologetic in the 4chan way. He's just sort of he is who he is and he's like no
So and then I'm thinking okay. I'm gonna have to blow this guy in order to get water
And and he just tells the story and you're kind of like oh god. There's something so refreshing about his sincerity
He would be a great hype man
But I was I I freak out
I was saying that same thing
I was at I was at a party and I was like talking about that
I was like, oh, did you see that clip?
But I was telling somebody I was like this guy like he becomes your hero
And I was just saying the same thing which I thought was like it's not that really that big a position and there was somebody there that was like
They chiseled away at it. They were like really those
Those fucking people and that culture of this and that and they kind of like by the end of them speaking
I was like, oh, yeah, I kind of bought into some bullshit
Like I like like this person kind of like problematized my worship of some guy that was willing to suck dick for water on camera
It it it was it was an interesting experience. It made me withdraw more from humanity
Because you you really can't enjoy anything. Yeah, you can't you can't even just like poke your head out of the hole and go like
That charred human skin is glinting in the sunlight
I'll call that a gem and then someone will go that makes you racist and you're like, you'll be big down here
You can poo poo on anything. It's what I've learned. Yeah, you can you can you can I don't want to call it
probabilizing because
Because that politicizes it, but I think it's like bubble bursting like people love to take down people love to they believe to be ironic
Yeah, you want to walk on to a playground where one thing is happening and you want to be the person that says
What about the other thing? I can't believe people were upset when they found out blink 182 wasn't going to be there. That seems like
The greatest news I would have ever heard. I'm like, okay. I fucking would have paid double for that shit
Blink 182 go fuck yourselves. Wow. I really wish I could remember the one thing
I think I had one thing that I really wanted to get to and I can't remember
Things all the small things not a good song. No, you don't enjoy it. I don't know who like is that a song?
Yes from blink 182. Can you sing it all the small things? That's it. That's the song
When I say all things you say small
You can't even you can't that you no one has the will to hype man blink 182
They are their own hype men
They are what should we meet? Should we meet MLE 805 that the workout fan is that
Are you willing to come up MLE who that's an odd all right
Come up. What's your name MLE? It's MLE 805 MLE 805
Wait 805
She's she's the George Washington of my instagram workout
She's been there since the beginning
Good to meet you
Have a seat. This is uh
Hello MLE MLE or are you MLE by my trade or MLE a crazy coincidence
MLE was a nickname given to me. So I've just used it. So you're MLE MLE is my birth name. Okay, right
MLE MLE is 805 an area code you're associated with?
Do you rep the 805 what's your address?
I'm just saying because I lost four of your social security number
Which insect are you most scared of having a box of placed on your head in your sleep?
Spiders arachnophobia if someone had night vision goggles, what entrance is the most vulnerable?
Uh on the perimeter of the apartment. What's your work schedule?
Oh, I have a business card for you Dan. I was going to give it to you. It has your work schedule on it
No, but it has my uh business name on it. How impressed are you that I've kept working out for a year and a half?
It's a loaded question you can either say DH you have inspired uh, not only me but uh
The celestial vikings of the chat. There's just so many people you have between you and Dave Kline
Um, I can tell you it's not only affected me
You are just impressive. I'm impressed. It's uh, I've had I have a picture from you from the first Harmontown that I attended
Oh, man, if I can be honest can it can it may I be on yeah, I know go ahead kind of slumpy. Well
Yeah, who would think you know, but and then I'm here now
Oh, it's kind of a lot, but like was that an imitation youp from out there or is it sound like a real one?
No, it was me. No. No. No. No. Is Dave Kline here today?
Oh, that was good. That was a proper youp. We have bark wizard here fellow chat. Oh, what's it? What's this celestial viking?
Dave Kline has uh
Given us or given just
He came up with that name for the for Dan because uh, so Dan's a celestial viking. Yes
Okay, there are many though. He like Dave Kline believes that uh, they're
That there's a group of uh chosen people who will go into outer space or something like that
That sounds we will send that that's kind of the Harmontown right early motto or credo show started with before it died
And so it is a a funny kind of like yeah, but he it's it's uh, yeah, like uh, Dave Dave Kline is like, uh
I I I will say like the crazy thing. It's sorry. Fulula. Yeah, I I start
I started instagraming my workouts because I was like, it's the only way I'm going to keep working out
like if I just like
It was like this instagram live feature. It was sort of like this thing that to me suggested like
vanity and like
Influentialness or whatever. It's something that like I was like the only way I'm going to be able to like
Get on an elliptical and like do these things
$17,000 on go pros. Yeah, and then it was like well that came later
But like and then I was like like, okay, this is a joke. I'm working out
It's like if Matt Greening started working out on like instagram live
I was like, I know this is funny and if I have a heart attack and die, it'll be funny like
And then and then like like it just went it kept going
I kept doing it and then I ran into Dave Kline at a bar at the drawing room
And like around New Year's and he was like, hey brother, if you ever want me to come by and I was like, dude
I'm not working out with you. You're not going to be in my trainer
If you want to come by and hold my instagram camera, that's the thing you can do and he's like absolutely
and
He had this way of like coming in low and I was like, I trust you then you can do it
Whereas like as I've said like any normal trainer
I would just be like after a point when they're like, fuck you motherfucker. You can do this. I'd be like you're fired
But Dave he can't it's like he's just coming over and he expects the best of you and he's like and I'm like, okay
Hold the camera and then he like held it and then he's like
How about this? I don't even know how he did it
How did he it's like he's got me doing fucking yoga and lifting weights. I bought a weight bench
I have a gym in my home. It's amazing. It's amazing. Anyways, we slid into your DMs
Are you in the suicide squad or what? Why are you I'm not in the suicide squad?
You don't have to be james. I tweeted it. I don't know
Dan's in a dance in a different kind of suicide squad
Not anymore me hunter thompson spalding gray
It's called alcohol when you when you don't want the job done and there's only one job
Oh founded by river phoenix. Is that one? Yes. Yeah
The groan was like too soon like no to get get out in front of it, but uh
I've known dan for a good long time and when he got his pool
To know dan is to know that he's not a big you're not a water child. You know a water baby
Jeff Jeff Jeff hates to imagine dan in the pool. It's like it's a year long obsession
With dan not being a pool. He's more afraid of me being in a pool than I was of water
But when I first up dan at his new crib with the giant ass pool
Dan lives at a spanish resort apparently like like granada and uh
He uh, he had a little nose plugs, but now no nose plugs. Whoa
And now you're doing kicky flips under underneath some water without the nose plugs. Yeah, and diving in is also that that's a big
Like no pun intended. That's a big leap. Yeah, I'm real proud of myself
And I don't want to I know I know I know I know from the previous side of the of the of the fitness class
How alienating and boring and shitty it is for people to be like
But you know, I'm just like like they make a good point though. It's uh
It's it's it's fantastic and I'm so glad I did it and and I owe it to like like so
There's literally like 35 40 people who who will show up on a regular basis and you've always been one of them
What but I don't know anything about you by intention because I'm like like oh, let's get to know these people
But I like I like to form relationships with them in the moment and reward them for being there
But who are you?
Just a small town
girl
living in a lonely
world
Living in the central coast. Um, I invite you up there anytime to stay. It's beautiful in the 805
What's the central coast? Like, uh, you know, like two hours north of Santa Barbara like oxnard
Oh, you don't want to give it. You don't want to be trained. You later bakersfield. Yeah
No, the central coast so like the coast layer is like salons of bispo
Oh pismo beach area a lot of dunes slow town. Yeah, I saw you. I saw you at Cal Poly at the pack. Uh, most your most recent
Show that I did I was there. Jeff. Yeah
I did scroll through the comments and saw because you're like people are like, oh Emily's gonna be at the show
And you ask cody for the chords to the four food groups song
But do you you don't what's the four? What's the four food groups? I don't think I have the
music tag
I might I like I I wonder if I would have them like in here if I did would you sing the four food group song
Wait, is it something you wrote down or something that emily wrote? I have a guitar. It's a song that I I improvised
But and then do we need instruments or just you're gonna do your app based stuff
I don't have it in here. So you're all off the can you can you just freestyle it? No
Yeah
I mean, well, well, what's the what's the uh, what's the beats per minute of the song do you know?
95 okay
All right. Well, I got that
Well, there's the bpm. I mean, slow it slow it down. Maybe like like 85. Well, listen to this some of it
Wait, no, that sounds fast. That's like yeah
Yeah, that sounds it's like 104 bpm. That's awful
On a train
Sounds like the gambler by Kenny Rogers. Wait, hold on. I'm gonna I'm gonna look at Jeff
Tell a story about you meeting Vince Neil at 9 11 or something
I'm gonna I'm gonna look in garage band just to see if I have I never met at 9 11
But I did meet him at a hotel lobby and I was with
Uh, what's his name? Uh triumph in insult comic. Uh, what's his name dog?
Schmeigel and Schmeigel was we were watching the Lakers play. Okay. It was
And he's in they were in the finals and uh, I was sitting in the lobby of a hotel to meet Schmeigel
and he was standing in the way of the screen and uh, and
Vince Neil is like bro
bro
You're in the way and Schmeigel took like like like 10 minutes to freaking figure out where like he was
Oh, I'm standing in between you and the screen
And later I was like, he's like, who's that guy? I'm like it was Vince Neil
And he's like fuck that guy
And then as we're walking through the lobby I get bumped by a dude by accident
And I hear a guy go. Oh, sorry, mate, and I'm walking through and he goes
Schmeigel goes
That was Elvis Costello
I go so I got the shitty end of that stick like you you got yelled at by Vince Neil and I I could have met uh
Elvis Costello. All right. Time is up Dan. Go ahead. I don't have it
Oh
But if you wait, I made that whole story up because you you asked Cody for the chord progression
Do you remember it? I could just type it into my chord box on my phone
Well assistant, please what you get an assistant my phone
I wish MLE 805 has it. Oh come on. All right. What's the what's the fuck?
I'm not leaving here until I hear the four food group song. I just want to know what
Yes, can you play? Thank you. Do the do the piano. Does the piano work? Do the piano, right?
There's no there's no one. Jeff, do the piano. If you know the chords, you don't know the chords
Salami is that one of them?
Yes
Like like like like like let's just it's my favorite police song. Let's talk about something else
Salami, Salami, Salami
Hey, Flula. Yes, uh, why the silly name?
What? Whoa
Oh
Shit
All right. Why is that now all of a sudden out of bounds?
You can compare me to nazis you can accuse me of starting wars. You make fun of my name. I do to on your face
I
They're they're just itching for they they're like bring the show to a climactic conclusion. Someone eat someone's face
We're not leaving here until we even if you're right
I can't host the show and then hunt my phone for a course progression for a thing. No
I will come. All right
Flula
D is flula a common german name or is that no i have hippie parents
But wait hippie parents is flula does have a meaning or it's just kind of a
It's just like we're drunk. They're just drunk. They were drunk. Just chef have a meaning of secrets
I think jeffrey means friendly and some germanic thing. Oh, oh, yeah, like early germanic
But but flula is it like is that is there are there other flulas in the world? Not anymore
Oh, shit
I'm like joffrey when he finds out about the bastards
Did you like the ending of uh game of thrones flula i miss a loaded question everyone says no
You're just sad because you got no i'm not you the general you was sad because we were broken up with by our show
Of course, it could have been better and longer. I thought they rushed it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's just gonna everyone died
That should have died but just the way they died. I thought was not the best
Uh, what do you feel about the poet rilke rilke. Oh reiner maria rilke is perfect. Is it the tiger?
Yeah, the panda. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. My mama's favorite poem. Yeah, he's the saddest
But but but they're all sad. It's just a gray six spectrum
The spectrum of sad, but rilke rilke. All right. Okay. Yeah
I've only read it in translation. I've never read it in the german, but I imagine it's it's it's more
I'll read it to you over some breakfast if you wanted some. All right. God. I need you at house. I'm not lying. I just got a partial boner
Just got a partial you've got a partial erection. Yes. Oh
Jeff fucking loves breakfast. You yeah, I got an uh
Eruption. Oh, so you just got an erection a real kitchen. Oh a real kitchen
I'm I'm telling for you, baby. I know I I I have you ever been to new york the city. Yeah
Well, I've but yes, uh, there's a fantastic, uh, gallery. They're called the Neue gallery, which is all german and, uh,
polish and Czechoslovakian eastern european artwork
and it's an austrian
gallery and they have like Gustav Klimt and
Egon Schiele
And the the the artwork is fantastic. It's the the lady in gold
You know, yes the Klimt with the breast out and the the head the head of uh, her favorite of dc
Sir Scheisse, she's holding a severed head. I've not seen that one. Oh, yeah, look closely, but the uh
If you if you're ever in new york y'all and if I haven't talked about this before where are you from y'all?
I
Why do I say y'all happen? I see howdy and y'all. I'm from los angeles. That's problematic now people don't like that
Fuck y'all. No, I say y'all too. I've I say y'all but people get mad
It's actually but if you ever go to new york go to the new york gallery
Uh any you faster than I are and then go and you go have cake
I can take it cafe sabersky
And they have austrian cake down there and it's the best and you walk upstairs and you've got all the great joke as you walk
up but as you leave the
The guest uh, the uh, the gift shop is all like there's a real cook off like all the like great german
Uh rodenbach and uh, like all the sadness the sadness is there. You can feel it. Oh, yeah
Oh, you can read it touch it. Yeah. All right. Did you guys have fun? Yes
Thank you. That was me stalling german style. Well done. You ready to try this
Let's let's give it a let's give it an e for effort and emily. Oh, let's give it a c
All right, here we go. Let's give it a c sharp
And an f for food groups
For you, but there aren't as many as there are things to do with your food
Oh, you can eat in any mood, but take care when you eat anywhere
uh
Tender little drops of protein little baby gravy fries
One of those things is bad the other is a nice surprise
Do you reward yourself for eating? Well, you can take a trip to the wishing well
grilled cheese and dairy queen
Black history halloween at the time of the year nutrition is nothing to fear. Take care of your temple
It will take care of you
There are four food groups, but there's only one of you
Clip hangers those are the moments you miss when you miss my workout. Let's give it a thank you emily 805
Our special guest flew the Borg
Zag as we're as we're applauding around put a beat on here and uh, let's let flew the hype our way out of this uh
Out of this show. Are you ready to leave? Yes
There we go give it a special credendon your game master
Master is stood in there.
Church down there on the photography.
I'm the Comptroller Jeff Davis, your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Flula, hype us out.
Homin' down, homin' down, baby, yeah.
When I say Spence, you say, uh, Spence, Spence.
When I say, chuh, you say, ah, chuh, chuh, chuh.
When I say Emily, you say, 8-0-5, Emily.
8-0-5.
That was tricky, I know.
When I say Dan, you say, homin' Dan.
Harmon.
Dan.
Do you call that hype, Flula?
Oh.
Oh, God.
It is I, your father.
Hi, daddy.
When I say parenthood, you say obedience.
Parenthood.
Obedience.
I am the powerful, phallic German god.
He-man.
He-man, yes.
It started like this.
Yes, of the Nuremberg he-mans.
Yes.
Sorry, my mic stand is.
Daddy.
Why did you ignore me every time I had a question, daddy?
Because when I said something, you never said something.
And it always made me mad.
This is turning into father and son by Cat Stevens.
Do you enjoy having a father?
Sometimes.
I miss you when you're dead.
True.
When I say death, you say grief.
Grief.
When you say death.
Grief, wait.
Sorry.
Go, go.
Sorry, daddy.
Flula.
Yes.
Yes, daddy.
I'm here to take your hype away.
Please take it.
I've held it for too long.
I want you to hide the end of time.
Time, time, time, time.
Does everyone here know everything
will come to an end eventually?
Tick.
Does everyone here know that all of their efforts are in vain?
Does everyone here know that nothing matters
and there are no absolute truths?
Nihilism.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Daddy downer, daddy downer, daddy downer.
Make me sad, sit me in your sauna.
He's hyping me.
No, I've never been hyped before.
Oh, I hit you with my positivity.
No.
Look at me.
I'm so happy.
Yes, daddy.
No.
Yes.
I wash you with this shit and now you'll be blessed.
Now come back and arise.
Feel happy and alive on a nice peloton.
Every single day with David Kline.
Daddy got feeling fine.
He, yes, ended my no-bottling.
Nihilism has been undercut and metaframed into positivity.
Death has become life ironically at the hands of a German.
Sorry again for everything, everything, everything.
Enjoy your night.
Walk with a buddy at Chancock Park.
Be safe.
Thank you for coming to Highland Jan.
Good luck.
Drive fast and take chances.
Flula Borg, everyone.
Thank you.
Emily 805.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.